then Elif as the team a night answered
then Elif as the team a night answered if one attempts a word with you will you
if one attempts a word with you will you
if one attempts a word with you will you become weary but who can withhold
become weary but who can withhold
become weary but who can withhold himself from speaking surely you have
himself from speaking surely you have
himself from speaking surely you have instructed many and you have
instructed many and you have
instructed many and you have strengthened weak hands your words have
strengthened weak hands your words have
strengthened weak hands your words have upheld him who was stumbling and you
upheld him who was stumbling and you
upheld him who was stumbling and you have strengthened the feeble knees but
have strengthened the feeble knees but
have strengthened the feeble knees but now it comes upon you and you are weary
now it comes upon you and you are weary
now it comes upon you and you are weary it touches you and you are troubled is
it touches you and you are troubled is
it touches you and you are troubled is not your reverence
not your reverence
not your reverence your confidence and the integrity of
your confidence and the integrity of
your confidence and the integrity of your ways your hope remember now whoever
your ways your hope remember now whoever
your ways your hope remember now whoever perished being innocent or well with the
perished being innocent or well with the
perished being innocent or well with the upright ever cut off even as I have seen
upright ever cut off even as I have seen
upright ever cut off even as I have seen those who plow iniquity and so trouble
those who plow iniquity and so trouble
those who plow iniquity and so trouble reap the same by the blast of God they
reap the same by the blast of God they
reap the same by the blast of God they perish and by the breath of his anger
perish and by the breath of his anger
perish and by the breath of his anger they are consumed the roaring of the
they are consumed the roaring of the
they are consumed the roaring of the lion the voice of the fierce lion and
lion the voice of the fierce lion and
lion the voice of the fierce lion and the teeth of the young lions are broken
the teeth of the young lions are broken
the teeth of the young lions are broken the old lion perishes for lack of prey
the old lion perishes for lack of prey
the old lion perishes for lack of prey and the Cubs of the lioness are
and the Cubs of the lioness are
and the Cubs of the lioness are scattered no a word was secretly brought
scattered no a word was secretly brought
scattered no a word was secretly brought to me and my ear received a whisper of
to me and my ear received a whisper of
to me and my ear received a whisper of it in disquieting thoughts from the
it in disquieting thoughts from the
it in disquieting thoughts from the visions of the night when deep sleep
visions of the night when deep sleep
visions of the night when deep sleep falls on men fear came upon me and
falls on men fear came upon me and
falls on men fear came upon me and trembling which made all my bones shake
trembling which made all my bones shake
trembling which made all my bones shake then a spirit passed before my face the
then a spirit passed before my face the
then a spirit passed before my face the hair on my body stood up it stood still
hair on my body stood up it stood still
hair on my body stood up it stood still but I could not discern its appearance a
but I could not discern its appearance a
but I could not discern its appearance a form was before my eyes there was
form was before my eyes there was
form was before my eyes there was silence then I heard a voice saying can
silence then I heard a voice saying can
silence then I heard a voice saying can a mortal be more righteous than God
a mortal be more righteous than God
a mortal be more righteous than God can a man be more pure than his maker if
can a man be more pure than his maker if
can a man be more pure than his maker if he puts no trust in his servants if he
he puts no trust in his servants if he
he puts no trust in his servants if he charges his angels with error how much
charges his angels with error how much
charges his angels with error how much more of those who dwell in houses of
more of those who dwell in houses of
more of those who dwell in houses of clay whose foundation is in the dust who
clay whose foundation is in the dust who
clay whose foundation is in the dust who are crushed before a moth they are
are crushed before a moth they are
are crushed before a moth they are broken in pieces from morning till
broken in pieces from morning till
broken in pieces from morning till evening they perish forever with no one
evening they perish forever with no one
evening they perish forever with no one regarding does not their own excellence
regarding does not their own excellence
regarding does not their own excellence go away they die even without wisdom
go away they die even without wisdom
go away they die even without wisdom [Music]